chore: Update deployment descriptors and docs (#358)
aquasecurity/starboard: docs/operator/getting-started.md

and it's configured to discover Kubernetes workloads in the `default` namespace,
let's create the `nginx` Deployment that we know is vulnerable:

```
kubectl create deployment nginx --image nginx:1.16
```

When the first pod controlled by the `nginx` Deployment is started, the operator
immediately detects that and creates the Kubernetes job in the `starboard-operator`

> namespace to scan the `nignx` container's image (`nginx:1.16`) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespace to scan the `nginx` container's image (`nginx:1.16`) for
```

vulnerabilities. It also creates another job to audit the pod's template for
common configuration pitfalls such as running the `nginx` container as root:

```console
$ kubectl get job -n starboard-operator
NAME                                 COMPLETIONS   DURATION   AGE
scan-configauditreport-c4956cb9d     0/1           1s         1s
scan-vulnerabilityreport-c4956cb9d   0/1           1s         1s
```

If everything goes fine, the scan jobs are deleted, and the operator saves scan

> reports as custom resources in the `default` namespace. The instance of the
> `vulnerabilityreports` resource named after the active ReplicaSet of the `nginx`
> Deployment is a vulnerability report for the `nginx` container:

Reviewer: I found this sentence a bit confusing, how about something like this? 

```suggestion
reports as custom resources in the `default` namespace, named after the Deployment's active ReplicaSet. For image vulnerability scans, the operator creates a report for each different container defined in the active ReplicaSet. In this example there is just one container image called `nginx`:
```

```console
$ kubectl get vulnerabilityreports -o wide
NAME                                REPOSITORY      TAG    SCANNER   AGE     CRITICAL   HIGH   MEDIUM   LOW   UNKNOWN
replicaset-nginx-7ff78f74b9-nginx   library/nginx   1.16   Trivy     9m57s   1          33     22       86    0
```

> Similarly, the instance of the `configauditreports` resource holds the result
> of auditing the configuration of the active ReplicaSet controlled by the `nginx`
> Deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the operator creates a `configauditreport` resource holding the result
of auditing the configuration of the active ReplicaSet controlled by the `nginx`
Deployment:
```
